lang: en

ctname: Shard of an Executioner's Axe
ctdesc: A small rusted piece of an executioner's axe. Significantly decreases the charge up time of the charged attack. 
ctlore: The masked and hooded man glowered at the scene before him. “What is the meaning of this Your Eminence?” 
The pompous robed man pointed at a white and brown dog held tightly by a tired aide. “This wretched thing bit me!” he scoffed. “Do your duty executioner, off with its head!”
The executioner frowned, and looked at the animal. It looked up at him innocently, by no means a vicious or rabid looking dog. Far kinder than a fat, arrogant bishop. He wondered if the accusation was even true. 
What if the other accusations weren't true?
He heard the Legionaries' grip tighten upon his weapon behind him, a non too subtle warning. 
The executioner raised his axe, the dog whimpered, as if it knew what was happening. The weapon fell in a flash of steel, and chopped deep into the scaffolding. 
“I have taken the lives of countless guilty,” the executioner's voice grated ominously. “I will not take the life of a single innocent. Man, or beast.” The bishop stared at him in shock, and then made a small gesture.
The executioner brought his bloodstained weapon back up, but it was too late. The world flew by him in slow motion. The last thing he saw were the shattered fragments of his axe tumbling past him. They seemed so serene, so beautiful. And the world went black. 

gfname: Helmet Covered in Blood and Ash
gfdesc: This old worn helmet is caked in dried blood and ashes. It feels bizarrely familiar somehow. Increases the benefits of picking up your guilt fragments. 
gflore: Guilt Fragment lore

drname: Socorro's Ribbon
drdesc: Bloody length of soft cord used to bind the holy Lady Soccoro. It gives off a soothing warmth still. Completely negates the first instance of damage taken but will no longer work until resting at a Prie Dieu.
drlore:“Father, why is it that so many must suffer like this?”
“Because dear child,” his voice rasping from pain still, “It is what makes us holy. To cleanse our souls our bodies must feel pain. Not only does blood flow from it, but also our sins...”
That is what was preached to them, she thought, as she gingerly cleaned the deep, bloody furrows in his oft scarred back. He suppressed another cry of pain from the touch. All around her in this plain wooden room were dozens of other grieving, pained people, crying out for help, for healing, and for forgiveness. She had seen it too much.
“Father, I wish I could take away the pain of others,” she insisted. “All I see every day are people crying, begging for help and I can do nothing to truly help them. I do not suffer, I feel no pain! I would gladly feel some for them, so those who suffer their whole lives can feel some respite!”
“No, no, my daughter,” he said, turning to her, “Be careful, such thoughts are dangerous!”
But as he turned, he began to feel different. His back no longer pained him. Blood welled upon her shoulders, and when he turned her around, her dress was stained with blossoms of crimson, as if she had been brutally whipped. He cried in new grief, and confusion, even though deep down he knew what was happening. 
The strange cry brought others over to see what the matter was, and they felt wonder and amazement. For their pain left them, their wounds closed, and at the same time blossomed in new ruin across the young, untouched girls' body like new crimson flowers in the springtime. They rejoiced, and prostrated before her, such a miraculous sight, of the girl who took the pain of others unto herself. 
They chanted psalms and praises, they carried her like an idol from their midst, drowning out the protests of the grieving father. She turned towards him one last time, and then shed one, single tear.
Her wounds and torment grew ever greater from then on, countless came to see her for relief, and so much pain she took upon herself that she was eternally wracked with such agony that she could only spasm and cry as countless invisible afflictions were wrought upon her aching body. 
Thus, was she considered amongst the holiest of the holy, for this great blessing. 

acname: Amanecida Core name
acdesc: Amanecida Core description
aclore: Amanecida Core lore

deog01: ...
deog02: You must stop this evil that you have just released.
deog03: But please, in order to seal away their power for good, you must place this in the handle of your sword when facing them.  It's the only way.
